翻译勘误 (#130)
clxering/Effective-Java-3rd-edition-Chinese-English-bilingual: Chapter-7/Chapter-7-Item-42-Prefer-lambdas-to-anonymous-classes.md

Note that we’re using the DoubleBinaryOperator interface for the lambdas that represent the enum constant’s behavior. This is one of the many predefined functional interfaces in java.util.function (Item 44). It represents a function that takes two double arguments and returns a double result.

> 注意，我们对表示枚举常量行为的 lambda 表达式使用了 DoubleBinaryOperator 接口。这是 `java.util.function` （[Item-44](/Chapter-7/Chapter-7-Item-44-Favor-the-use-of-standard-functional-interfaces.md)）中许多预定义的函数式接口之一。它表示一个接收两double类型参数且返回值也为double类型的函数。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
注意，我们对表示枚举常量行为的 lambda 表达式使用了 DoubleBinaryOperator 接口。这是 `java.util.function` （[Item-44](/Chapter-7/Chapter-7-Item-44-Favor-the-use-of-standard-functional-interfaces.md)）中许多预定义的函数式接口之一。它表示一个函数，该函数接收两个 double 类型参数，并且返回值也为 double 类型。
```
略微修改译文，建议拆成两个分句提高可读性。
